[nav2_controller] Add failure_tolerance param (#159)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: migration/Foxy.rst

These changes were introduced inthis `pull request <https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/pull/2263>`_.

ControllerServer New Parameter failure_tolerance
************************************************

> A new parameter :code:`failure_tolerance` was added to the Controller Server for tolerating controller plugin exceptions without failing immediatly.  See :ref:`configuring_controller_server` for description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new parameter :code:`failure_tolerance` was added to the Controller Server for tolerating controller plugin exceptions without failing immediately. It is analogous to ``controller_patience`` in ROS(1) Nav. See :ref:`configuring_controller_server` for description.
```
